README.md, before:

jQuery-Open
===========

Enable various method to open links:
    - In iframe
    - In popup
    - In current window of course
    - With Ajax call

Can manage all HTML tags with jQuery data "url", data "erl" (link encode with rot13 method) or basically with "a" tag.
You can complete current url dynamically with data "arg" and with an unique identifier named "i", generated by this plugin.
Various options like autoading of first element as available, see settings for more informations.

## Examples ##

You can also specify 3 type of opening. By default "self", open it in current view, "popup" in new window and "iframe" enable to show url in iframe with loading message:

    $("span.a").open({type: 'blank'});

And, you can specify various properties to extend common behaviors, here for example we open the first element on load: 

    $("span.a").open({type: 'iframe', autoload: true});

Attach events when the element exits of the current view. The DOM element has been passed as first parameter:

    $("a, span.a").open({
        onExit : function (elem){ console.log('Bye'); },
    });

You can use data "erl" to store URL encoded with Rot13 transformation. Perform to obfuscate some links.

Finally you can overload common behavior of a list by adding classname on each element (self, blank or iframe).

Commit message:

Add toggle display possibility, on ajax calls in readme

README.md, after:

jQuery-Open
===========

Enable various method to open links:
    - In iframe
    - In popup
    - In current window of course
    - With Ajax call

Can manage all HTML tags with jQuery data "url", data "erl" (link encode with rot13 method) or basically with "a" tag.

You can complete current url dynamically with data "arg" and with an unique identifier named "i", generated by this plugin.

Various options, like autoading of the first element as available, or toggle display on one element loaded, etc.
See settings for more informations.


## Examples ##

You can also specify 3 type of opening. By default "self", open it in current view, "popup" in new window and "iframe" enable to show url in iframe with loading message:

    $("span.a").open({type: 'blank'});

And, you can specify various properties to extend common behaviors, here for example we open the first element on load: 

    $("span.a").open({type: 'iframe', autoload: true});

Attach events when the element exits of the current view. The DOM element has been passed as first parameter:

    $("a, span.a").open({
        onExit : function (elem){ console.log('Bye'); },
    });

You can use data "erl" to store URL encoded with Rot13 transformation. Perform to obfuscate some links.

Finally you can overload common behavior of a list by adding classname on each element (self, blank or iframe).
